# Posit Team Applications - Contact Information

## Background

[Posit Team](https://posit.co/products/enterprise/team/) enterprise applications have been deployed for [Public Health Scotland (PHS)](https://publichealthscotland.scot/) on the [Microsoft Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-gb/) cloud computing platform.

Posit Team comprises three applications:

* [Posit Workbench](https://posit.co/products/enterprise/workbench/) - provides access to all the development environments RStudio, Jupyter and VS Code for both R and Python;
* [Posit Package Manager](https://posit.co/products/enterprise/package-manager/) - a repository management server to organise and centralise R and Python packages across Public Health Scotland;
* [Posit Connect](https://posit.co/products/enterprise/connect/) - publish the things you create in both R & Python, including interactive applications, documents, notebooks, and dashboards. Deploy models as APIs, and configure reports to run on a custom schedule.

Please note that the deployment of Posit Connect for PHS is still in development.

## Purpose

This document aims to provide users of Posit Team applications with contact information for seeking support.

## Requesting a change to your Posit Workbench Kubernetes Profile

The Kubernetes Profile that a user's account is assigned to determines the maximum amount of CPU and/or Memory (RAM) that the user can request for a Posit Workbench session.

The form at [https://forms.office.com/e/VEutAJ8p9Y](https://forms.office.com/e/VEutAJ8p9Y) allows you to submit a request for a change to your Posit Workbench Kubernetes Profile, or a request on behalf of someone else.

Before submitting the request, please consult the guidance at https://github.com/Public-Health-Scotland/R-Resources/blob/master/posit_workbench_and_kubernetes.md for recommendations on how many CPUs and Memory are likely to be required.

Authorisation for the request is required from the person's line manager, and will be sought automatically via Microsoft Approvals in Microsoft Teams.  Once authorisation has been granted, a ServiceNow request can be opened, attaching the PDF authorisation generated by Microsoft Approvals to the request.

## All other types of support request

Public Health Scotland's Data Science team will be providing first-line support for Posit Team applications and will be triaging all queries and requests for support with Posit applications. Before raising a support request, please consider the following:

- [ ] **Check Error Messages**: Analytical servers generate error messages when something goes wrong, this is expected behaviour in many cases and can be related to the codebase, connected infrastructure such as databases or publishing platforms, or the system itself. Error messages can be confusing and steps-removed from the code, but can help you understand the issue and suggest the steps to take to resolve the issue. Make sure to read the error message carefully and try to understand its meaning, even just pasting into Google will often return similar problems _and solutions_.
- [ ] **Restart Session**: Oh yeah, the old _turn it off and on again..._ - it does help though, restarting the session or logging out and logging in again can fix the issue. This can clear up any temporary issues that might be causing the problem, sometimes as a result of cumulative build-up or overwriting.
- [ ] **Consult with Peers**: The [PHS R User Group on Teams](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/team/19%3ae9f55a12b7d94ef49877ff455a07f035%40thread.tacv2/conversations?groupId=ec4250f9-b70a-4f32-9372-a232ccb4f713&tenantId=10efe0bd-a030-4bca-809c-b5e6745e499a) has many of your colleagues, some of which may be familiar with the issue you're experiencing, consider reaching out to them when coding issues occur - they're a friendly bunch! 😉
- [ ] **Search Documentation**: Extensive online documentation with troubleshooting guides, tutorials, and user forums where you can ask questions and get answers from other users are available for Posit Workbench and specific coding problems. Some of this is internal, available on the [PHS Data Science Knowledge Base](https://public-health-scotland.github.io/knowledge-base/).
- [ ] **Check Connectivity**: If you're experiencing connectivity issues, check your internet connection or network settings. You might need to check firewalls, VPN settings, or other network configurations. This might be the case if you're having issues connecting to other internal systems, in which case, contact DaS directly through [Service Now](https://nhsnss.service-now.com/phs/).
- [ ] **Check Access Permissions**: Ensure that you have access permissions to the server or specific data sets. Check with someone else in your team, or DaS (via [Service Now](https://nhsnss.service-now.com/phs/)) to confirm your access permissions. _All databases connections that were available on the old server infrastructure have been migrated and made available for testing during UAT._
- [ ] **Check Browser**: Sometimes, the issue might be related to the browser you are using. This has been identified in a couple of areas already with Mozilla Firefox. Try using a different browser to see if the issue persists, all Chromium based browsers are tested and work as expected (i.e. Microsoft Edge and Google Chrome).

If you have followed these troubleshooting steps and the issue still persists, please raise a support request by providing the following details (you can also use this form to reach out with questions about the infrastructure) :

- Specific steps taken that led to the issue
- Error messages or symptoms
- Steps you have already taken to resolve the issue
- Any recent changes made to your system or the server
- Any relevant log files or screenshots that can help identify the issue

Please complete the form at [https://forms.office.com/e/pqmmNMkhT6](https://forms.office.com/e/pqmmNMkhT6).

The team aim to respond to all queries and requests for support submitted via this form as quickly as possible.

**Queries** and **requests** for support with Posit applications cannot be made directly in Service Now by users, unless explicitly authorised by the Data Science team.

**Please do not raise a request or incident in Service Now related directly to Posit applications unless requested to by a member of the Data Science team.**
